
	I created a ColoredDrawable class which extends DrawableDecorator to draw out white margins between each panels. 
DDALineRenderer, BresenhamLineRenderer, AlternatingLineRenderer, and AntialiasingLineRender were written next in order to draw lines for first three pages. Corresponding test pages Parallelogram was made for page 2. RandomPolygon test was made for page 3. Majority of efforts were made on page 4 and page 5 for polygons drawing. FilledPolygonRenderer for any shape of polygons drawing was written. Polygons were separated into 4 big categories: Horizontal Top line polygons, Horizontal Bottom line polygons, Non-horizontal lines polygons with left line shorter, Non-horizontal lines polygons with right line shorter. In each of these categories, 3 sub-categories were operated for each: top/bottom vertex in middle, left or right of the other two vertices. A function called fillPixels_leftToRight was used to draw from left to right. Corresponding polygon renderer test pages StarburstPolygonTest, MeshPolygonTest and RandomPolygonTest were made. The main issue that cannot be fixed is when turned to page 5, it is easy to see there are polygons that are overlapping, especially in the middle of the starburstPolygon. Same thing happened to MeshpolygonTest, there was overlapping that can see visually between some horizontal lines. I first suspect the problem was caused by drawing of polygons with horizontal line. A statement is added to fix it, however,  the main problem still occurs. Then I suspect it is because of the rounding of double type to int type, in which lost information. However, I still cannot really fix it.
